- Was going around fifferent parts of town scavenging so to speak after leaving some kind of military op. I feel like it was circa LA because there was lots of driving and bikes.[^bk] Anwyay I saw lots of curvey rounds leading around dealerships, where I hung out while drifting along. At some point a family friend of sorts dropped me off at some kind of park, where I waited for my Dad to pick me up after finishign owkr.
- Thinking of some kind of Linus video which flashed back to hi mdoing a non-existant school music video. Then I was in the process discussing how a flam was used to make the shot look prfessional. They were talking about humble beginnings and how the help of a key friend skilled in art made the difference between a big early hit & irrelevance. 
- I was some kid of crnaberry farmer working with my friends. I was checking the mail one day when I ran into my neightbor that needed some help. They'd found a big radbbit that died, which was coincidental becuase they were also a big rabbit. Then they cut it open like in Star Warsa on Hoth , opting to wear it around like skin b/xc it was cold. THey asked me to join them since I was much smaller, so I walked around for some time as the bottom flaps of their rabbit skin. Lol they gt taken to the doctor and everyone was freaked out by then having someone "living int heir ksin" but it was on purpose and I just walked out.

[^bk]: btw "bikes" always means motorcycles

## Daily goals

While you would not know htis since it comes from the private journal, I've been back and forth on the self-assigned daily goals originated in the legacy physcial journal. But I feel like I;m not particulary attuned to large task copleteion lately, leaving many things undone. This partial execution isn't good for anyone - leading me down a path where things stya in the pipeline for far too long . I need to just get things out, even without perfection. Things are moving quickly, and I can see the influence conformign around me. I just need to satisfy the growing demand for decentralized securities, and that's exactly what I plan to do.

1. Draft TAR content
2. Chrstopehr granduation trip
3. Pack for ski trip
